---
title: The future of JSConf Australia
url: /future-of-jsconf
description: Nothing to see here
conference: [js]
date: 2018-02-16
---

Today we’re publishing a bittersweet announcement. As a team, we’ve been running both JSConf and CSSConf Australia for a few good years. It’s been an exciting ride, and we’re more than proud of the impact on the Australian community and beyond. We’ve seen tangible, positive effects the events had worldwide, pushing other conferences on diversity, inclusion and experience standards. We’ve hosted numerous speakers from the furthest corners of the world. We’ve pushed the boundaries of what it means to run an event in the tech industry.

Unfortunately, community organising has its dark side as well—numerous times we’ve sacrificed our jobs, businesses, projects and personal time to participate in an 8-month-long marathon required to put up a conference of the quality we’re not willing to forfeit. It’s become unsustainable to do so, which is why **2018 is the last year for CSSConf and JSConf Australia for the foreseeable future**.

We can’t wait to see everyone joining us to celebrate the wonderful journey this has been at our biggest and best event to date this March. We hope to see even more community conferences popping up in Oceania, following the footsteps of the standards we’ve set up for ourselves.

The future of community belongs to every single one of you.

If you want to purchase a pass or know someone who does, there’s still a very limited number available before we close down sales. **[Get a ticket here](https://ti.to/cssconf-au/2018/)**.

Yours,<br/>
Team JSConf AU

<spacer/>
